1.) To download Django, you need PIP... most times, when you download python and install python, Pip gets installed too.. but in rare cases, it doesn't. To rectify this, you can manually install pip or reinstall python. Follow the steps below
Click on the python setup file again(The one downloaded on your system).. you should see this modal come up
Click on Modify.. when you do, It directs you to the next page... Now on this page, you need to tick the pip checkbox there.. Click next again
Click on Modify.. when you do, It directs you to the next page... Now on this page, you need to tick the pip checkbox there.. Click next again
Now for those of you with the "Python is not recognized" bla bla bla error, You need to tick the "Add python to environment Variables" checkbox..... Then click Install.. this should fix all errors
2.) To install Django, Use the command "pip install django"... for some reasons, it might not work still... you can try out this command too"python -m pip install django".... Nothing like "pip django" or "install django" please take note
3.) To access your admin panel, you need to first migrate to your db using the command "python manage.py migrate" then after, create an admin/superuser using the commands(python manage.py createsuperuser).... Then and only then, will you successfully be able to login to the admin panel

Oh yea the issue of virtual environments.... A virtual environment is a tool that isolates your dependencies and packages... it puts them in a world of their own... It's advisable to use virtual environments for your django projects.... Honestly, it'll get to a point(especially when you want to deploy in like heroku or so) where it's compulsory to use virtual environments... But i'll tell you this.. If you are building for fun, its just preference... you aren't obliged to use it... If the tutor taking the django lesson decides to use it, fine.. if not, and you still want to learn more about it, you can always read up on them on your own... There are tons of virtual environments out there, I use pipenv most times(but yea, as you can now guess, it's just preference.. there's no "best" tool out there.. just use the one you like).... any other question before i disappear?